(Yuya)
Previously
on Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V!
(Yugo)
I don't what's gotten into Rin,
but tossing me out a window
and dissing our runner,
that's a whole new
level of mad.
(Doctor chuckles)
Once my Fusion Parasite
worms its way to the brain,
it attaches
and thoroughly dissects
every memory of its host.
I programmed the parasite
so that she would pledge
her eternal loyalty
to you, Professor.
I hacked
my father's computer
to investigate
his experiments
in the Arc Area Project
and found a folder labeled
"Revival Zero."
The folder contained
two files.
If he has a file on Yuri,
then, Yuya, Revival Zero
must have something
to do with you too.
In fact, all versions
of you, Yuya.
And all versions of Zuzu.
So, Lancers, let's rescue
those four girls!
(Rin)
Fusion Parasite equips
itself on to Crystal Bell.
I bet it's that
Fusion Parasite
that's doing
a whack job on her!
The old Rin
would never use
that slippery slug.
She hates bugs!
Crystal Bell's special
ability activates
to deal you
500 points of damage
which will wipe out
all of your life points!
No, wait!
Whoa!
(grunting softly)
Celina!
You're supposed
to be on my side!
Get real!
Oh!
I'm working
for the Professor now.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Sanders)
Sir, I have news!
We located
the enemy forces.
Yuya and his squad
of scrubs are beachside.
Understood.
Proceed according
to plan, Sergeant.
And make sure
you bring Yuya Sakaki
to me in one piece.
It will be done.
Sanders, out!
(Sylvio groaning)
Gong, any chance
for a hair more help here?
Sylvio,
your size eights
are startin'
to irritate!
Ugh! Whew!
Think we could find
a harder way up next time?
What do you mean
a harder way?
That climb was
a piece o' cake!
(Sora)
Duel Academy!
Now stick close.
You don't want to get lost
in there.
(students)
Duel Academy for life!
Cadets, you are
the elite students
of this year's
graduating class.
But I want to know
which of you is
the elite of the elite.
And today's the day
to prove it!
Now listen up!
A team of enemy combatants
known as the Lancers
have invaded our school.
Their objective
is to destroy us!
Your objective
is to stop them.
Because believe you me,
none of you will graduate
if you fail
to stop the Lancers!
Is that understood?!
(all)
Yes, sir!
Every goon posted
on this rock
must know that
we're here by now.
So where are they?
Those wimps must've heard
that I was on the way.
They'd rather hightail it
out of here
instead of scrap
with the king of combat.
Nah, I doubt it.
Huh?
I sense company.
On guard, guys!
Perfect timing!
I was itching for a duel.
Well, these guys are here
to scratch it.
Let's run 'em
off the road!
Yeah!
Huh!
(Yuya)
Time to roll into action!
You guys shoulda
steered clear!
Now you see me,
now you don't!
Let's move, Sora.
This way!
(Sora)
Thanks for
the distraction, guys.
After them!
Stop!
The only ones stopping
is youse lot.
Thanks to the skills
of yours truly
leading the way.
(both)
You ready to rumble?
Don't worry about us.
We can handle this bunch
of buffoons on our own.
Now you three scoot along
and we'll rendezvous later.
Will do.
Good luck, guys.
So, are you guys
ready for some action?
Gong was born ready.
It's party time, gents!
(all)
Let's duel!
(student)
Commander, part of the enemy
force has broken away
and is heading this way!
I vow to stop them sir,
just give me the go ahead.
No need.
(students gasp)
It's already taken care of.
This lot, however,
will serve perfectly
for your final exam.
The enemy force
consists of
five duelists.
What would be
the optimal battle
strategy to defeat them?
I'll launch
our troops at 'em,
every last one of 'em.
I would pick them
all off one at a time.
No, picking off
the strongest duelist
first is the way to go.
You lousy louses
are all wrong!
You haven't learned a thing!
(all)
Sir! Pardon our stupidity!
Wise up, people.
If you want to learn
the proper way to
foil your enemies,
then watch closely.
(students)
Yes, sir!
Take this!
Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei...
go on and send them hounds
back to their pounds!
(roaring)
All righty, Raikiri,
cut down those
pooches pronto.
(roaring)
(Yuya)
Odd‐Eyes, give those mutts
something to howl about!
Blast!
Hey, what about
me, guys?
I want a shot at those
mangy mongrels!
(Gong)
Let's move!
Somebody put
a leash on them!
I will not allow them
to escape.
I will do
everything in my power
to put a stop to the enemy.
Stay back!
I am sensing a trap!
(student)
Too late!
Gotcha!
Just great!
Rats!
We've been played.
Yes, they were only
pretending to retreat,
and we fell for their ruse
like a pack of amateurs.
I am ashamed!
(student) Mission
accomplished, sir!
All five enemy combatants
have been captured!
Good job, cadets.
(applause)
I said "good" job,
not excellent job.
(students whimper)
I need five volunteers now!
Come on!
Step up, who's in?
(students)
Sir!
Well, looky here.
These five have more guts
than the rest of you combined!
You scaredy cats
think about that
as you turn on
your night lights
when get tucked in tonight.
You five will now be sent
onto the battlefield
to face our five prisoners.
Let me emphasize this is
not a training exercise.
It is a duel to the finish!
This is war!
The best trainers
have forged you
into the most fearsome
warriors ever known.
Use what you have learned
to crush your foes!
Your trainers expect nothing
less than total victory!
Duel Academy for life!
(all)
Sir, Duel Academy for life!
(Sanders)
Today marks the ultimate test
of my training program.
I've produced
the ultimate warrior
and now I'll watch it
in action.
(Yuya)
Whoa!
(Gong)
What is this?
This here's Duel Academy's
training ground.
It has given rise to our
greatest duel warriors!
You must be proud.
The whole point
of dueling
is to make people happy,
not make war!
(Sanders)
Ha! Well, what's coming next
will make me very happy,
but I can't say
the same for you!
Just what are you up to?
Yeah, spill it,
private!
Or get ready to be
court‐martialed!
If you really want those
to be your last words,
that can 100% be arranged!
(all gasp)
You five Lancer losers
will face off against
five of my elite
in a no‐holds‐barred
Survival Duel
until one of you
is left standing!
Just wait a second here.
We didn't agree
to do anything.
(Sanders)
This ain't no democracy!
What I say goes!
So the losers
are gonna be
turned into cards?
Exactly.
Tough lessons to
toughen up my troops.
(all)
Huh?!
(Sanders)
That's right!
Now, you soldiers,
listen up!
Duel Academy wants more
than students
with perfect grades!
It wants focused fighters
who will stop at nothing
to win!
One great warrior
will achieve glory!
You others will fall
in defeat!
Duel Academy for life!
(students)
Sir! Duel Academy for life!
Now, warriors, get set!
I activate the field spell
Predaprimal Jungle!
(all)
Oh! Huh?
(computer)
Generating Action
Field: Crossover.
It's on!
Good luck, maggots!
You'll need it!
Well, we're
in for it now.
We gotta battle
Duel Academy's
best in this jungle.
And if we lose,
we're getting
turned into cards.
Gong prefers to be
three‐dimensional,
thank you very much.
Yeah, me too, Gong.
We'll figure something out,
because, well,
we have no other choice.
Easy for you to say.
But it'd be easier
if we never got caught
in the first place.
(Theo)
Time to get those Lancers.
(Emma)
That's only if I don't
get them all myself.
(all grunt)
Move it out now!
(Crow)
We gotta face
the facts, Yuya.
If we wanna be able
to rescue Zuzu,
then our first priority
has to be making it
out of this jungle‐‐
(all)
Huh?
Hey, hold on!
I will survey
our enemy's maneuvers.
I will be back soon.
Moon Shadow, wait!
(Moon Shadow)
If I had been more alert,
our team would have
avoided capture.
The only way
to restore my honor
is to defeat
our enemies,
which I shall do alone
so the others can go free.
(Sanders)
So it begins!
An actual battle
is playing out
in real time before our eyes.
Any miscalculation or failure
will prove catastrophic.
Remember all you see today
and learn from it!
(all)
Sir!
They are tracking me,
like a predator
shadowing its prey,
but this prey bites back!
Hey, Lancer!
Come on out!
Huh?
Ahh, ahh, ahh!
Whoa.
Gulp.
That didn't
sound good.
I hope it wasn't
Moon Shadow.
Come on!
Sounds like one of us
captured a Lancer already.
Already?
I got work to do.
Me too.
Moon Shadow!
I hope... he's okay.
(Gong)
Hey, Yuya!
Wha‐‐ No way!
(Crow)
That's one of
Duel Academy's cadets!
(Sylvio)
You think Moon
Shadow did this?
(Yuya)
Impossible!
He can't turn people
into cards.
(Gong)
Yuya's right.
Which means this guy
was done in
by someone
on his own team.
Who's there!?
Aah!
There's our culprit now!
I betcha he's
seen Moon Shadow!
Hey! Wait up!
We gotta stick
together, Yuya.
(buzzer)
(Sanders)
One of my team.
How absolutely pathetic.
Hey, the system said
it lost a signal.
That can't be right.
There hasn't even been
a single duel yet!
Must be a glitch.
Yeah, there's still ten dots,
so no one's gone down yet.
It must be a glitch.
(Sanders)
Yes, ten dots.
But this is no glitch.
Hey, what's wrong?
Theo, we're only gonna
duel each other
at the end, right?
Of course.
Our priority is
to beat the Lancers.
Oh, sweet,
I think I lost them.
You lost them?
You mean, you ran away
instead of fighting them?
Hey, I didn't
have any choice!
It was four
against one.
And they already
got one of us.
Where did that rat run to?
Must be playing
hide and seek.
Hey, Sylvio!
Where are you?
Sylvio? Crow?
You there?
Runnin' off
was a bad idea.
(Theo)
So... Burns already
checked out.
Eh, he was weak anyway.
What a loser!
Four on one, five on one,
bring it all on!
They still wouldn't
have beaten me.
Easy for you to say.
You‐‐ you weren't there.
You didn't see
what it was like.
When he was turned
into a card,
I just lost it.
I just had to
get outta there.
The duel just started
and you already
lost your nerve.
You can sit there
and talk like some loser,
but I'm taking down
some Lancers.
Oh! Who's a loser?
Yo, wait up!
Well, that cadet can run,
but he can't hide from me.
Sooner or later
I'll find you!
Your five senses
are no match for my ten!
I can hear
and see everything!
Oh! Except maybe that!
Right about now,
I'm sensing I should run!
All right, I might be
more used to
a concrete jungle
than this green leafy kind,
but no matter what
this place throws at me,
I'll be ready for it.
Ah! Dirty sneak!
Who hit me in the back
and ran?
Huh?
Moon Shadow?!
Where are... those Lancers?
There they are.
Huh... but who?
Unh!
Uhh!
Ah!
This cadet from
the shadows fights well.
His skills are unlike
any I have ever faced.
But that matters not!
Nichirin, attack!
Success? Oh!
Unh.
To win, I must attack,
but to survive,
I must defend!
(Theo laughing)
Finally found you, Lancer.
(computer)
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
Great, another one.
(roars)
Ahh!
Did the tides
of friendship turn?
Where did he go?
(roars)
Ah!
(buzzer)
Did you see that?
Theo's signal
just disappeared.
How's that possible?
He didn't even
start his duel yet.
Must be just
another bug.
What if it's
not a bug?
What if something else
is taking them each
down one by one?
Seriously?
Yeah, just look
at the numbers.
They aren't
adding up.
You sleep through math
class or somethin'?
Ah! Unh!
(breathing heavily)
Yaah!
I won't go down
without a fight
(Moon Shadow yells)
Did you hear that?
Moon Shadow!
Hmm.
That way!
Whoa!
I don't like
the looks of that.
Gong neither.
Let's go!
(Yuya)
Moon Shadow!
I can't believe it!
Man, how could
this happen?
He was the most skillful
duelist Gong ever knew.
He's gone.
Moon Shadow is
really gone.
The other card is one of
the cadets we're battlin'.
Do you really think they could
be turning against each other
this early in the duel?
(sniffles)
Nah, I think
it's someone else.
Why's that? Hmm?
Because Moon Shadow
left us a clue.
If it's a clue,
Gong's clueless.
Well, it says
ten plus one here.
And the ten
must be referring
to us ten duelists.
And I bet
the plus one means
there must be
someone else
here in this
jungle with us.
It makes sense.
The extra duelist
is lurkin' around
pickin' everybody
else off.
That's gotta be what
Moon Shadow wanted
to warn us about.
This rogue duelist is
taking us down one by one,
whether it's Lancer
or cadet.
Gong thinks we'd
be safer as a group.
Yeah.
Our first
piece of business
is to track down
Sylvio and Crow.
If we stay split up
like this, we're
all toast.
(Ethan)
Stay where you are!
I'm warning you!
Take that!
Ahh!
Grr!
Ah! Oh!
(Ethan screams)
Huh!
What's everybody...
screaming about!?
No one's dueled me yet
so what's everyone
so scared of?
Grr!
Who's out there?
Quit hiding!
Come on out and fight!
Don't just gawk at me
with those gleamy eyes!
You're not the first to admire
my greatness from afar,
but enough already!
Shed the shyness
and leave those leaves!
(Sylvio screams)
Huh? I think that's Sylvio!
Just great.
(Yugo)
Rin, don't go.
Duel Academy...
are a bunch of losers.
(footsteps approach)
Huh?
You know, we're
not all losers.
Uh, does that mean...
you're with Duel Academy?
Relax, pal.
The name's Aster Phoenix.
I'm pals with Yuya.
You know him, right?
Wait, Yuya?
Are you sayin'
that he's here?
I don't know,
but if you know Yuya,
then you must be the guy
I'm looking for.
Your name's Yugo, right?
Did you have any luck
finding that girl named‐‐
What was it, Gin? Min?
Rin, the name's Rin,
and, yeah, I found her.
Except, it wasn't
really her.
Rin had totally changed.
She's not the same person
that I used to know.
That's because she's
being... mind controlled.
And she isn't the only one.
Shay's sister, Lulu too.
Shay thinks he can
save her, but...
You saw firsthand.
It's hopeless.
I heard the Professor's
right‐hand man
is behind this,
so if we can track him down,
then we can find out
how he's controlling them
and maybe how to cure them.
I know how
he's doing it!
What?
He's using some kind
of bug parasite
to control their minds!
I saw it with
my own eyes, Aster.
We have to
destroy that thing,
or Rin will never
be free.
But how can we do that?
I don't know if we can
even find her.